everybody welcome ectonurite Lampley is
the binding of issac after birth plus uh
I still sound sick but not as sick as I
used to sound I feel ten times better as
a result of that I feel like we're gonna
start rolling through these challenges
again I'm gonna I'm gonna try to talk a
little at a more conversational tone
today I know I said I'd do like a
refresh like standard runs but kind of
want to knock out some of these
challenges at least get some extra
momentum under my belt I've faced with
the way I've faced that's probably not
how that expression actually works okay
that looks weird but can't conceivably
be that much worse than what we already
have going on he said without realizing
he was becoming part of a modern meme a
narrator it could become much worse than
it actually starts as but um yeah so
yesterday I felt bad and my voice
sounded bad and that sucked today I
sound okay and I feel actually like 95%
like I'm in a good spot however once
every like 15 minutes you'll probably
deal with a little dead air as I mute my
microphone and cough like something from
a Ridley Scott movie has embedded itself
in my lungs I actually consider myself
pretty lucky I prefer it this way and as
opposed to yesterday and I feel like
getting over this illness faster than
usual just every once in a while I feel
like a little telltale scratchy scratch
on the back of the throat and then like
blossoms into full-blown like eye
watering like I need the cough and then
my confidence all good so just if I mute
my microphone and you don't hear
anything try not to think about what's
happening in the background I promise
it's for your own well-being
dude this is honestly like as far as PAX
pox goes I don't think I got sick at PAX
last year I did this year obviously but
I've had some worse ones one year I got
strep throat head pax that was like
pretty much the worst I'm not blaming
anybody here's the thing people always
blame like everybody else when they get
sick at PAX the gamers don't watch
their hands you probably washed your
hands as much as I did it's just if the
disease is already there what do you
what are you supposed to do right like
there were people I saw people like in
the hotel bar one of these hotels have
standing like shoulder to shoulder with
five hundred two thousand other people
that are also at the convention staying
up until 4:00 a.m. they're gonna get on
Twitter and be like all the people at
the convention made me sick come on
let's take some ownership for it
ourselves we still can't defeat the
bacteria and viruses of mother nature
like that easily you know we gotta at
least at least eat some oranges and then
start to complain I don't know what I'm
talking about
either way that this is nothing dude the
year I had strep was actually terrible
because it lasted like two weeks I can't
touch that without dying but yeah this
is honestly just a couple of days of
getting like 12 hours of sleep a night
suffering mildly through the NL SS and
then repeating the same thing the next
day one you're like a dream come true to
just want to be with you three girl it's
plain to see that you're the only one
for me now so yeah I wanted to get these
challenges done mostly because I feel we
still got a lot of them left to do I'm
not against the idea of doing refresh
runs cuz it really is pardon me a good
opportunity for me to refresh my
enjoyment and also like especially we're
gonna do not just challenges but this is
like a supercut of the hardest
challenges we've ever done so you should
be aware of the fact that we might get a
little disillusioned this one even is
not that bad
this is one of the challenges we should
have one but failed pretty much because
I'm an idiot didn't I take like if a can
some weird garbage to like make this
nearly impossible to win I think I did
so we might need those refresh runs at
some point but for now I'm feeling
relatively strong and I feel good about
this run as is right now we haven't
really markedly improved the run too
much however we do have a tinted rock
which allows us to get a spirit heart
and a ton of money and actually we might
be able to pick up an item from our shop
ooh and then all will be well
hopefully sickness as like someone who
uses their voice for a living is very
strange dude we'd probably want diplopia
I feel so much better today then I felt
yesterday and two days ago but like when
the voice wants to go it just goes I
need to like respect my real life skill
points into like throat health not a
high value skill it's like leveling
attunement in Dark Souls 2 but dude for
my specific unique character build I
think it would be valuable I've already
lost all the points that I put in to
hair you can just move some of those
like charity wise into in the throat
health I'd be a happy camper what do you
think tell mo he's asleep and his ear
twitch says please don't talk to me
that's what I garnered from that at
least okay we're gonna get a deal with
that one this could change everything
Joker card also great shops gonna be
amazing it's sort of changes everything
especially if we can get something good
from this demon judgement here world
card is good enough we can use that
right now we want to save the Joker card
obviously come on
we definitely want both I think even if
it does put us in slightly scary of a
situation that would have been a great
HP upgrade apart from that okay grab
these we could now offer up a little bit
more to the demon judgment it might not
be everybody's favorite approach
actually now that I think about it there
was a much better play here do you see
it the idea would be to use that's so
good and into the guns
I clearly should not have done that um
would have been to buy diplopia from the
shop and then use the Joker card to grab
everything but I think we'll take the
plebeian nonetheless we don't really
want this garbage rate here let's see if
our deal with the devil has anything
left in it we can still use diplopia to
double whatever we get from demon
judgement if anything at all health up
perks I'll still go for it a little bit
here come on you know he's gonna give me
something there we go no need to double
that but I feel pretty good about our
situations let's head down to the next
floor this is not a long run so I'm
gonna start to like the swing for the
fences pretty quickly like I'm gonna use
the Joker card right away and this might
do it right here we diplopia get a free
brimstone and a free little delirium we
can pay extra for another little
delirium which I think I might do and
honestly we just broke the game are we
broke the challenge I should say we
should have pretty much no ability to
fail except for the fact that I'll admit
that I didn't realize this until just
now
except for the fact that we have one
point three six damage so soymilk
brimstone is is no amazing combination
necessarily but it's still very good
because we can actually hit enemies with
it reliably so we've probably just come
out ahead in the in the head trauma
challenge the head trauma challenge head
trauma I want to scream so loud for you
y'all that's not cool dude
that was my inner day and easily did you
guys see the photo of Dan at CBS
headquarters dressed like the hero from
mystery men it got me good dude he was
telling us in Seattle he's like yeah I
was in LA this week Phil at filming
something for CBS and we're like oh
that's cool it's it's weird sometimes to
remember that you know we have a friend
who is like a genuine celebrity
not to be like self-deprecating but
still you're like oh
CBS that's a three-letter Network I've
heard of it let's head downwards I think
uh and then to see that photo I was like
well he was not kidding he was not just
down there going like hey Julie here so
I think's gonna win he was like he was
deep in the production he didn't mention
the superhero outfit the first time now
we also got super lucky we didn't get a
deal with the devil on the last floor
which sounds like the opposite of how we
should be pleased but it's actually very
very good double little delirium by the
way is not that good but I figured it's
okay and for one red heart it's not that
bad what we really need is like a damage
multiplier or alternatively just a lot
of damage upgrades we don't even need
that because the run only goes to mom
but it would be the single biggest thing
that could benefit us the most for sure
so head traumas gonna be taken out here
almost certainly and I gotta see what we
unlock for this and by goddess II I mean
I gotta wait and see we'll be online for
this the great thing about brimstone is
that it kind of nullifies our ability to
screw ourselves over like I can't
conceivably pick up epic hack him and
find ourselves in times of trouble
mother Mary comes for me singing words
of wisdom IPEC se
gotta not do that voice like the the
prepubescent voice cracks are coming
fast and furious man this is why I like
I don't want to get into it necessarily
but so I can never get behind the idea
of intelligent design instead of
evolution you know we got this one pipe
here controls air controls speech you
drink through it you eat through it you
vomit through it if something goes wrong
in your stomach it's like the opposite
of writing good code you know you want
your code to be loosely coupled and
highly cohesive the human body is like
tightly coupled and and not cohesive
it's like one one unit of body
accomplishes like 40 different functions
see this is probably not that good of a
bit right now but it's at the
intersection of a degree that I worked
for and have since like lost the
requisite knowledge of information to
hold and Mike my current intellectual
pursuit so for me it's it's a pet joke
but for you it was Tuesday that was Sean
Connery as m.bison
for some reason you don't need Sean
Connery as m.bison raúl juliá already
knocked it out of the park most famous
maybe for being gomez addams but come on
am vice the movies garbage but Raul
Julia's portrayal of m.bison is like
seen chewing wonderfulness as is
jean-claude van Damme as guile but for
different reasons and you've lost your
balls that's not a very good I can't do
it a Belgian accent so I can't speak to
that but
you could just get busted here
I think we're highly highly safe to be
honest with you didn't get a deal with
the devil here but we only have two
floors remaining so I'm pretty confident
that basically we maybe just got a bad
roll first time and this time we're
completely set so let's try this one of
the nice things about challenges with no
item rooms and it I'm grasping at straws
here and it's like well one of the nice
things about tuberculosis get a lot of
downtime and now one of the nice things
about challenges is there's no item
rooms you got a good excuse to use your
keys for golden chests not really a
major concern but could be worse you
know a lot of the times we walk into
this room and be like no way which in in
hindsight perhaps you should have done
given the caliber the items that we got
but that's fine and it's kind of the
classic and Allies ik irony you know as
I find myself like coming to the end of
the challenges I realized that in
actuality I might miss him a little bit
so that's why I logged in today and I
was like am I gonna do regular runs
regular runs sound pretty fun but at the
same time I got a task sitting on my
plate here beat all the challenges and I
want to get it done cuz I know in
particular ultra hard speed maybe own
and streak are gonna be garbage so we
might as well unless we get super lucky
we might as well knock out the ones we
probably should have beaten on the first
try and really like failing a challenge
that's hard once is no big deal I can
live with that I'll start to get sad if
we fail these challenges that even if
they are hard if we failed them over
three videos or four videos that's where
like my self-esteem is gonna take a
little bit of a hit my dream is like no
challenge takes more than two and I
think for most that's very realistic
ultra hard and speed are really like
it's a crapshoot but maybe we'll get
lucky
and who knows dude maybe the dayquil is
a performance-enhancing drug although I
have to be honest I'd love to continue
with the dayquil joke but it's dayquil
joke also my favorite Canadian alt
rocker who's very popular in Sweden
that's a Danko Jones joke um I don't
know there's a case to be made for the
ventricular razor I don't really want to
choose my way out of basta rush if
anything I might want to fight on
Bosphorus just for fun so let's just
take charge baby and some HP not for any
particular reason except try to amplify
the enjoyment factor here we got death
and we've got temperance neither of
which are that relevant um but actually
they I can't continue the dayquil joke
first off because it might be
irresponsible I don't know hey if
there's anybody out there that abuses
dayquil but it wouldn't surprise me I
mean there are stimulants in it like I
didn't even realize it until this bit
that I recycle over and over but I
didn't realize dayquil was actually a
stimulant until I had it and drank a cup
of coffee in the same hour and ended up
feeling like my heart was gonna explode
not personally recommended and I'll take
the L on that one I'm happy to let
everybody know that I'm in the idiot is
what I told Kate she was like let's grab
the fire rate up even though I doubt it
does would did do something and the
damage F is very nice here and we can
fly now but she was like how do you not
know that you can't uh you can't take
coffee in cold medicine in the same you
know general area I was I don't know
that's how I took cold medicine I was
like twelve that's before my coffee
drinking days so I'll happily I'll
happily make myself look like an idiot
so that you guys know not to mix those
two I don't know if it's
life-threatening but either way but the
other reason is cuz we went to the
grocery store last night and I was like
okay I gotta get some like I got a cold
routine I like one container of
medicated cough drops you take like once
every two hours and then like some that
you can just freebase whenever you
the support I'd like to get Buckley's
it's a Canadian cough syrup brand their
slogan is uh it tastes awful and it
works and it sort of does although it
burns my throat going down on a I mean
it's not really the taste so much is the
fact that it's like swallowing rancid
mint burns the throat it's like paint
thinner mixed with the bad paint thinner
and I get some think when I get some
nyquil nyquil for the symptomatic
suppression as well as the the fact that
it helps you sleep they had five
different kinds of nyquil no dayquil I
was wondering if maybe like it was after
hours at the pharmacy which is my
favorite Tom Waits album but maybe day
quills like locked in one of the
cabinets that you have to have a
pharmacist open for you or something
it's got some kind of ingredient you can
synthesize into drugs I don't know and I
was also like who needs five different
kinds of nyquil there's like regular
nyquil and then there's cherry nightmare
that's all you don't need nyquil but
this one specifically for it's not a
medicine come on I'm not trying to blow
up you know Vicks game here but
Michael's not a medicine is it's a sleep
aid that suppresses you symptoms it's
not actually like treating the cold so
when I see the you know nyquil flu
nyquil cold I'm like come on
those are like 99.9% the same I got
maybe I'm being ignorant here if you
work in Clack so SmithKline or Procter &
Gamble please feel free to let me know
also send me a free supply dude I will
endorse those products no doubt
they work wonders in my opinion I'm
gonna says salty that apparently
somebody's ruined a quill so I have to
like you know speak to an actual person
in order to get it for myself so I don't
really like any of these items enough I
mean mom's contact is good but hello
Tomo I don't like any of these items
enough to actually do boss rush but I
gonna do boss rush anyway cuz otherwise
the videos like 18 minutes long and it's
not quite right ya know dayquil so I'm
I'm just on coffee and buckley's right
now which is like if you see a Canadian
singer do an album called coffee and
Buckley's ask them if they're okay it's
a bad sign
let me let my Tomo friend in here which
is a bit of a redundancy I suppose
hello Tomo I'm also gonna mute my mic
for a second let's go but you can tell
I'm excited let's go Tomo hey buddy
but what is it did you just poop I think
that's a yes
we got poopy side Thom oh hey Netflix if
you're watching this renew the return of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 I know you
might have done it already and you can't
speak to that yet because of business
things that I wouldn't understand
got to get licensed for wizards in the
Lost Kingdom 3 or something like that
they did a super job and I would like
you to renew the television show because
it was excellent
maybe it's cost prohibitive maybe he
doesn't get as many viewers as orange is
the new black but they did a great job
and I would hate to see it return just
to get a one-off sees it's an enduring
style of content dude anyway you don't
have to tweet Netflix to tell them to
bring back Mystery Science Theater 3000
the return but I tweeted them I just
want my support to be known in whatever
capacity that offers yo this cat is
looking at me like he is high as
right now Telmo what did you get into
buddy one of the mailbox catnip petroi
toys trophies that's right we don't have
cat toys we have cat toys of the helen
of variety Telmo you ever wonder what
goes on in like a cat's minds cuz like I
think about that sometimes and I also
think about the carriage but I think
about that sometimes cuz like we know
what it's like to be sentience we have
at least a I think this is how it is for
me I guess I shouldn't speak to anybody
else's opinions but I kind of have like
an internal monologue running all the
time in in English or at least in in a
language that my brain interprets is
English without getting you know
difference between like machine code and
plain text but anyway the point is so I
kind of like a have thoughts in my head
like if I get cut off in traffic I go
like this guy's being a real jerk what
are they do you think cats possess that
level of cognitive ability you think
this can is sitting here thinking like I
am going to go to sleep now
or do you like with language attached to
it or you think it happens on like a
lower level I'm sleepy now I am sleeping
you know
I wonder sometimes I'm not trying to
suggest that cats are stupid I think
that oh he looked at me like you better
not be like they're actually they have
their own unique personalities which i
think is indicative of being clever to
some degree plus I'm not like an animal
neurologist so I don't know to begin
with right like I'll be the first to
tell you that you know you should listen
to someone who actually knows what
they're talking about but be kind of
interesting you know as a sentient
creature to think about what did what
existence is like for a creature that's
yeah I mean I guess
cats are sentient but do they know that
they're sentient you know what I mean
it's a little weird it's kind of like
it's like an ich ich an LSS topic and
I'm playing the role of Nick here so I
need an I need a northern lion character
to step in and be like my dude what are
you talking about there's people dying
out there you're worried about what cats
are thinking about Tomo I'll tell you
straight up I don't know if there's a
whole lot going on upstairs but he's
quite handsome I can't deny that and
moreover you should enjoy tomo the fact
that you know you can be a little bit
ignorant without there being
consequences for it like you're always
gonna have us to put the food in the
dish and change the litter box you got
nothing to worry about buddy just go to
sleep in your tangerine box
I should never have chosen to do boss
rush but here I am and it's actually
like going okay I forgot what the next
challenge was we're definitely going to
survive the 1.56 damage is slowly
killing me like inside or out we're
gonna knock one out and I think that's
like hey I don't mean knock one out like
that you sickos but I think it's like
pretty positive for our morale to be
honest with you headed to our next
challenge being positive like we can if
we can beat 50% of the challenges that
we failed on the first try or a I should
say on the second try I guess am I gonna
be happy no but it's a start
you know we're we're on one right now
one for what is as good as it gets
unfortunately boss rush is never gonna
end cuz I being me astute Isaac player
that I am I thought to myself you know
it would be smart let's go to boss rush
with 1.56 damage excuse me streamer
that's willfully misrepresenting things
you have a one-foot you have a three
rate of fire that's true you're not
wrong it's fairly good don't die
this is like almost an exact repeat of
what we did earlier on the on the head
trauma challenge I think just finding a
unique way to accidentally screw
ourselves over
dude you know what the real test is
gonna be for my voice is if I can get
through like a West of loathing video
those were like so much fun to recorded
my voice was well good maybe it is good
in that situation because you barely
have to maintain any kind of monologue
all you do is read things that smarter
people than yourself have wrote and it's
funny but with a broken voice I don't
know that it sounds like a unique form
of misery but luckily healthy Ryan
recorded like 10,000 of those
unfortunately they all have horrible
audio desync but apart from the head
ended up being a huge positive please
Bob's brain I'm begging you
land some shots kill some enemies get
messy make mistakes
keep backing it up coz my daddy taught
me good
are we done been here for like eight
minutes we're not done okay
that's alright we still got five and a
half HP moms contact definitely was not
worth doing this for I could be sippin
on neo Citroen right now having a nice
herbal tea
instead I got a deal with you know wave
99 of 100 of this so my own I can't help
myself
I need like a an Isaac manager who just
goes like hey don't do that you got the
win just take it you know you're in
danger of like Terrell Owens in yourself
here
at least this is the easier one to kill
cuz like he's doing chain reaction
damage to himself we've done it okay you
know what
that was a good one we got to kill this
guy still but head trauma taken care of
excuse me head trauma taken care of the
world's our oyster I'll be back with the
next challenge which I forgot but I will
set the stage for him you got a waz
eihwaz is actually like a great rude our
next challenge is suicide King which is
a bad one but we're gonna try for now
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode don't cry for me I'm
feeling pretty good and for now thanks
for watching if you enjoyed it click the
like button upside of great deal
subscribe if you wanna see more the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time